gh-93464: [Enum] Add versionchanged tag (#99997)
python/cpython: Doc/library/enum.rst

      * ``THREE = [auto(), -3]`` will *not* work (``<auto instance>, -3`` is used to
        create the ``THREE`` enum member)

   .. versionchanged:: 3.11.1

>       Prior to 3.11.1 ``auto()`` had to be the only thing
>       on the assignment line to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      In prior versions, ``auto()`` had to be the only thing
      on the assignment line to work properly.
```

Add missing comma and avoid repeating the version.
